Remove requirement for interop container (#65)
zendframework/zend-expressive-zendviewrenderer: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- [#65](https://github.com/zendframework/zend-expressive-zendviewrenderer/pull/65)

>   enables usage of non-interop psr containers with view helper plugin manager

Reviewer: "non-interop psr containers" feels like it is enabling usage of non-standard containers. I'd rephrase to something like "usage of any PSR-11 container with the view helper plugin manager".

### Removed

- [#65](https://github.com/zendframework/zend-expressive-zendviewrenderer/pull/65)

>   removes support for 2.* series of zendframework/zend-servicemanager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  removes support for v2 releases of zendframework/zend-servicemanager
```
